Release notes: add link to area cleaning steps (#44097)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_posts/2026-03-04-release-20263.markdown

## Send your vacuum to clean specific areas

> Got a robot vacuum? You can now tell it exactly which areas to clean! This release introduces the [clean area](/integrations/vacuum#action-clean-area) action, which lets you [send your vacuum to clean one or more specific areas on demand](/integrations/vacuum#creating-an-automation-to-send-the-vacuum-to-clean-specific-areas), right from Home Assistant. In this release, it's supported by [Matter], [Ecovacs], and [Roborock].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Got a robot vacuum? You can now tell it exactly which areas to clean! This release introduces the [clean area](/integrations/vacuum#action-clean-area) action, which lets you [send your vacuum to clean one or more specific areas on demand](/integrations/vacuum#sending-your-vacuum-to-clean-specific-areas), right from Home Assistant. In this release, it's supported by [Matter], [Ecovacs], and [Roborock].
```
This is talking about the action specifically, so I would link directly there.

Author: Thank you for the catch!
